lwm2m_client and utils: Location assistance object and usage (#7259)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/networking/lwm2m_client_utils.rst

* Device object
* Location object
* LwM2M Security object

> * Signal measurement information object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Signal Measurement Information object
```

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CLIENT_UTILS_CONN_MON_OBJ_SUPPORT`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CLIENT_UTILS_LOCATION_OBJ_SUPPORT`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CLIENT_UTILS_FIRMWARE_UPDATE_OBJ_SUPPORT`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CLIENT_UTILS_SIGNAL_MEAS_INFO_OBJ_SUPPORT`

> * :kconfig:option:`LWM2M_CLIENT_UTILS_LOCATION_ASSIST_OBJ_SUPPORT`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CLIENT_UTILS_LOCATION_ASSIST_OBJ_SUPPORT`
```

Reviewer 2: fixed.

Support for the objects are enabled by default but they can be set individually.
Disable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CLIENT_UTILS_DEVICE_OBJ_SUPPORT` Kconfig option only if you are implementing a ``Reboot`` resource on your application because of a mandatory requirement.

If you are using the Firmware Update object and require downloading of firmware images from TLS enabled services like HTTPS, configure :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CLIENT_UTILS_DOWNLOADER_SEC_TAG` to specify the security tag that has root certificate for the target server.

> Location assistance object is a proprietary LwM2M object used to deliver information required by various location services through LwM2M.
> It is still under development and considered experimental. Please see :ref:`location_assistance` section on LwM2M client for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Location Assistance object is a proprietary LwM2M object used to deliver information required by various location services through LwM2M.
It is still under development and considered experimental.
See the :ref:`location_assistance` section in the LwM2M client sample documentation for more information.
```
